An import note regarding the naming of your props, here I'm using name. Now I could also use of course
myName,
case sensitive here because I have a capital N inside of that, I therefore also
adjust the output here in my template
and then in the user component, I can use my name with capital N here too. Now if I save this,
it still works as you will see if I reload,
so that still worked.
However, it only works because I'm using a single file template here,
if you try to use this in another template and we're not doing this in this course because this is the
best solution to be honest, then you can't use it because the dom implications, because the dom restrictions
of having case insensitive attributes and elements applies,
so a case sensitive attributeslike this will only work if you make sure that you're using a template
which supports this, like the single file template we're using here which again gets compiled to javascript
during the build process
anyways. That's just something I wanted to highlight.